Feature/accelerometer unit conversion (#234)
carissalow/rapids: docs/change-log.md

# Change Log

> ## v1.10.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## v1.10.1
```

> - Add accelerometer unit conversion from iOS to Android units. iOS accelerometer data, originally recorded in G-forces, is now converted to meters per second squared (m/s²) to match Android's units. This conversion ensures consistent accelerometer readings across platforms by multiplying iOS data by 9.8 (the gravitational constant).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add mutation to convert raw iOS accelerometer data from G-forces to meters per second squared (m/s²) for consistency with Android's units
```

> - Update `aware_*/format.yaml` files in `src/data/streams/` to reflect new unit conversion and format changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Update processed test data in `tests/data/processed/features/*/ios/phone_accelerometer.csv` to align with the new conversion and ensure test consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update tests for phone accelerometer
```

> - Update `renv.lock` with necessary changes to R package versions, 4.0.0 to 4.3.2, including compatibility adjustments for `vctrs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update R version, packages, and package versions in `renv.lock`
```

# Change Log

## v1.10.1

- Convert iOS accelerometer data from G-forces to Android units (m/s²) by multiplying by 9.8, ensuring consistent readings across platforms.
- Update `aware_*/format.yaml` files in `src/data/streams/` to reflect the new unit conversion format.
- Update processed test data in `tests/data/processed/features/*/ios/phone_accelerometer.csv` to align with the conversion and ensure consistency.

> - Update `renv.lock` with R package versions compatible from R `4.0.0` to `4.3.2`, including adjustments for `vctrs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add mutation to convert raw iOS accelerometer data from G-forces to meters per second squared (m/s²) for consistency with Android's units
- Update tests for phone accelerometer
- Update R version, packages, and package versions in `renv.lock`
```
